  "disclaimer": {
    "contact-us":"If you have any questions, contact help@headspace.com or visit our FAQs . You can also chat with a real live human during our operating hours. They can answer questions about your account or help you with your meditation practice. Login to manage your email preferences or unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive emails from us.",
    "icons":{
      "facebook":"",
      "instagram":"",
      "twitter":"",
      "pinterest":""
    },
    "registered-info":"You have received this email as a registered user of Headspace.com. 2415 Michigan Ave. | Santa Monica, CA 90404 | USA Company Number: 07094561 © Headspace, Inc.",
    "renewal-title":"AUTOMATIC RENEWAL TERMS AND CANCELLATION POLICY",
    "renewal-terms":"Auto Renewal Terms: Our "Monthly" subscription is paid in monthly installments. For each month that your monthly subscription is active, you acknowledge and agree that Headspace is authorized to charge the same credit card or other payment method (the "Payment Method") as was used for the initial subscription fee in the amount of the then current monthly subscription fee. The monthly renewal subscription fees will continue to be billed to the Payment Method you provided, automatically until cancelled. You must cancel your subscription before it renews each month in order to avoid billing of the next month's subscription fee to the Payment Method you provided. Refunds cannot be claimed for any partial-month subscription period.

    Our "Annual" and "Two Year" subscriptions are paid for by an upfront one-off payment with automatic annual or two year renewals respectively. You acknowledge and agree that Headspace is authorized to charge the Payment Method used for the initial Annual or Two Year subscription fee at the rate secured at the time of purchase. You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the renewal subscription fee to the Payment Method you provided. Refunds cannot be claimed for any partial subscription period.",
    "discount-rate-title":"Discounted rates are renewed at full price as of the time of renewal.",
    "discount-rate-terms":"Automatic Renewal Cancellation: You may cancel automatic renewals of your subscription at any time by emailing help@headspace.com. Please note that if you purchase a subscription through the Apple iTunes store or our iPhone application, you may cancel automatic renewals by selecting Manage App Subscriptions in your iTunes Account settings and selecting the subscription you want to modify. Student Discount Pricing Option: Verified students are entitled to receive a discount on the annual price of the Headspace Paid Subscription (as defined in the Headspace Terms and Conditions) for as long as they maintain the requisite verification status. Headspace shall require verification of student status via SheerID every twelve (12) months from the initial date of verification (each a “Discount Period”). You will automatically continue to subscribe to the Paid Subscription on an annual recurring basis, at the non-discounted price in effect at the time of any such renewal. If you do not want to continue to subscribe to the Headspace Paid Subscription at the end of the Discount Period, you may cancel your subscription at any time. Cancellation will take effect at the expiration of the then-current Discount Period.

    Family Plan Option: Headspace paid subscribers who are the Headspace Family plan primary account holders are entitled to invite up to five (5) additional family members to join their plan. The Headspace Family plan is restricted to primary account holders and those additional family members who share the same address. For primary account holders, payment will automatically renew at the advertised Headspace Family plan rate in effect at the time of renewal based on the following: a) monthly for monthly Headspace Family plan primary account holders, or b) yearly for annual Headspace Family plan primary account holders. Applicable VAT, sales or other taxes may apply. Cancel anytime. Subject to the Headspace Family Terms and Conditions and the Headspace Terms and Conditions."
  }